































































Privacy Policy



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 

























Privacy Policy


Home
Privacy Policy










Vasudev.com ("we" or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy statement and explains data
collection and use practices of the Services of site (the "Site"); it does not apply to other online or
offline Vasudev sites, products or services. By accessing the Site, you are consenting to the information
collection and use practices described in this privacy statement. Your privacy is important to Vasudev. This
privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Vasudev collects, and the ways in
which Vasudev uses that personal information.
I. SECURITY

The personal information that you have shared will be protected and managed by us.
The electronics and computers are safeguarded by using firewalls, access controls and data
encryption.
We have physical and electronic access control to our buildings.
Your personal information can be authorized by the employees that are required to fulfill their
designated responsibilities.
We are pledged to appropriate technical and other security measures to safeguard your information.

II. COLLECTING YOUR INFORMATION:
(a) The below mentioned information about you is collected by us:

Information that is received via application from you;
Information you provide through any other communications with us, which includes our website, social
media interaction and interaction through third parties;
From third party sources like IT companies and enterprises that we have business relationships with.

We may obtain information through emails, SMS, recorded calls, the calls which will be recorded for
quality checks, staff training and other business requirements.
When you use our website and our services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your
browser which may from time to time, include your location, IP address, cookie information, and the page you
requested. We mostly treat this information as non-Personal Information, and only use this information in
aggregate form, except where we are compelled to do otherwise by law or legal authority. This is statistical
data about browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.

We may also obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on
the hard drive of your computer. Cookies enable us to improve our service to you, estimate our audience size
and usage patterns, store information about your preferences and recognise you when you return to our
website.

You can set your web browser to refuse cookies, but if you do this you may not be able to enjoy full use of
our website and you may not be able to take advantage of certain promotions we may run from time to time.
Please note that third parties who advertise on our site may also use cookies, but we do not have access to,
or control over them and therefore cannot take responsibility for them.
III.USING YOUR INFORMATION
Information we hold

We will hold and use your personal information which we reasonably need to perform our duties in
pursuance of any agreement we may have with you, or to operate your account, provide products or services
to you, make decisions about you, consider or respond to interaction by you or fulfil our regulatory or
other business obligations.
We will retain your personal information in terms of our retention policy.
If you have opted in to receive marketing material by electronic and/or other means, then we will hold
your contact details (e-mail address, telephone numbers, name and address) from the time you last
interacted with us. You may opt-out of this at any time by phoning us or unsubscribe from any marketing
communication you receive from us.

IV. Information we share
We will keep your personal information confidential and only share it with others for the
purposes explained in this policy, or if you have consented to it or if we are legally obliged or entitled
to share it. We have trusted relationships with carefully selected third parties who perform services for us
or on our behalf. All service providers are bound by contract to maintain the security of your personal
information and to use it only as permitted by us.
We may share information about you:

to help us to collect payments and recover debts or to provide a service on our behalf;
with anyone who requires it to provide products or services to us;
with any payment system we may use;
with any other third party if allowed to do so in law.
with regulatory and governmental authorities’ ombudsmen, or other authorities, including tax
authorities, where we are requested by them to do so;

V. How we use your information
We will only process your information insofar it is adequate, relevant and not excessive for
the purposes set out below. We will use your information to:

Perform our duties in terms any agreement we may have with you;
To verify information about you;
Operate and manage your relationship with us;
Carry out, monitor and analyse our business;
Contact you by email, SMS, letter, telephone or in any other way about our products and services,
unless you tell us that you prefer not to receive marketing;
Identify or prevent fraud, money laundering;
Form a view of you as an individual and to identify, develop or improve products, that may interest
you;
Track your consumer behaviour;
Carry out market research, business and statistical analysis;
Track your website use, social media interaction with us and interaction through other third parties
connected to us;
Perform other administrative and operational purposes including the testing of systems;
Trace your whereabouts;
Recover any money you owe us;
Comply with our regulatory or other obligations;
Carry out any other reasonable business operation considering our business and the relationship
between the parties.

Your personal information may also be used for other purposes for which you give your
permission or where we are permitted to do so or allowed to do so by law or it is in the public interest to
disclose the information.
You may on reasonable grounds object to the processing of your personal information, after which we
undertake not to continue to process such information, except as provided for in legislation or in terms of
any other lawful obligation.
IX. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use
of our website, and supersedes all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
X. LAW AND JURISDICTION
This notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian law, and any disputes
relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India, Vadodara,
Gujarat. for customers of Vasudev Solutions LLP India, for customers of Vasudev Global Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries the jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.
XI. UNENFORCEABLE PROVISIONS
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under
applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
XII. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION:
You have a right to access certain personal records we hold about you. Requests can be made
in writing to email Id. Standard Fees to obtain a copy of your personal information record will be charged,
for which we will quote to you before we supply you with any such personal information.
We want to make sure that your information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove
any information that you think is inaccurate and you can do so by sending us an e-mail to legal@vasudev.com
XIII. BREACH:
We will report any security breach to both the Regulator and the individuals or companies
involved.
XIV. LINKS:
Our website may include links to other apps or third-party websites which do not fall under
our supervision. We cannot accept any responsibility for your privacy or the content of these apps, but we
display these links in order to make it easier for our visitors to find information about specific subjects.
XV. TRANSBORDER FLOW OF INFORMATION:
We may transfer your information to foreign countries mainly for retention purposes or if our
service providers are cross border or use systems cross border. If you continue to use the website, you
expressly agree that we may transfer the information cross border for these purposes.
 CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY:
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time. The version on the website at the time of interaction
with us, will apply.

ENQUIRIES
For any concerns or questions about the policy please contact us on email id or phone number.

















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










