





































































Class 4 Switch Partition



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






  


Class 4 Switch Partition
 Switch Partitioning 
Every switch partition will decrease the admin switch 
call volume and that volume will be assigned to child 
partitioned switch. 
Get a Demo 









Key Features of Switch Partition

Fully customized billing interface
Admin can change billing outlook anytime
Possible to assign domain name or IP wise separate billing link
Admin can assign separate switch IP for each switch partition (if server has additional IP)
Admin can assign same switch IP with different SIP port if server has one available IP
Admin can block/unblock child partition switch anytime
Admin can increase/decrease call volume of child partition switch









Send SMS Campaigns Your Customer finds Interesting
Rise above the simple local SMS. Using VasudevSMS Simple yet powerful Webpanel you can modify your Bulk SMS campaign in minutes.







Supports more than 15+ languages               





Option to schedule your SMS delivery               





Strategize your SMS in Groups               





Send SMS with attachments, short urls, survey and more.               









 

Enhance your Customer Experience
SMS that are not delivered on time can cost you your potential customer. So, to enrich you customer experience, engagement and retention the delveriability and speed of the SMS plays a vital role.

 Our direct connections with top-notch operators, smart routing and robust infrastructure guarantees reliable delivery rates and speed for all your campaigns.


Send timely SMS alerts, reminders and notification to your customers to increase and improve you conversion rates. VasudevSMS can guide you to automate such texts directly from your application or software by using our simple and easy APIs.


 Measure and Improve customer satisfaction promptly by collecting customer feedback via VasudevSMS.















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










