





































































A2P SMS Carrier Services



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 





  


A2P SMS Carrier Services
One gateway for all of your A2P SMS messages
Manage all your SMS messaging needs to multiple countries with single platform and benefit from leading A2P solution partner.
Contact an Expert 












 Key Features 





Hub connection management 
 A single connection that offers direct access to our own customer base and global reach list




24x7 operational support and assurance 
 World-class technical support from the team that cares for our own global customer traffic




Security and protection  
 Advanced fraud, spam and faking protection




Message delivery 
 High success rate and real-time delivery receipts




Near Real-Time Business Intelligence 
 Insightful reports via our online portal, including volume, settlements and delivery tracking, on a daily, weekly and monthly basis 











Significantly improves operational and financial efficiency by eliminating complex bilateral interworking agreements 









  Why partners choose the Vasudev Global for Application-to-Person  (A2P) SMS 








 One commercial agreement 
       
 Single contract and SLA with access to our footprint and beyond End-to-end real-time message tracking KPI monitoring and reporting







 One resilient, technical connection 
       
 Easy and simple APIs allows software and web developers to integrate any application with Vasudev Global.







 Enhanced customer support 
       
 APIs,Web interface,Excel, email gateway or Vasudev Global mobile apps, Send SMS from everywhere.









 

Promotional or Transactional, which
SMS route should I choose?
Choose the SMS route best suited for your business needs, whether it is for bulk SMS marketing or for customer engagement. Know the differences between Promotional and Transactional SMS with our quick explainer. Know more about regulatory guidelines.


 

Promotional SMS 
Configured by default for all new accounts, promotional SMS is generally used for sending any offers or promotions to new and existing customers. Messages are sent to non-DND numbers and opt-in numbers (via myDND Manager) between 9am and 9pm only. Start your free trial today!




 

Transactional SMS 
Transactional route can only be used for sending transactional SMS such as OTPs and alerts to your registered users. Messages can be sent 24/7 from your own 6-character Sender ID. To configure a transactional route, create your account today and contact care@vasudevsms.in . No setup costs involved!




 

Business SMS
We can configure both promotional and transactional SMS routes to you, free of cost, so that you can send any business SMS hassle-free! With platinum telecom partnership and intelligent routing technology, Vasudev SMS gateway assures you best-in-class delivery rates for both bulk SMS and SMS alerts.

















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










