





































































Cloud Contact Center



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






  


Cloud Contact Center
What is Cloud Contact Center?
A cloud call center software is hosted over the internet which is easily deploy-able and involves a minimum cost. Cloud contact center software reduces the need of hardware set up and makes it easy to access the interactions through multiple channel virtually in the system.
Get a Demo 









Why do you need a Cloud Contact Center Software?







Flexibility & Scalability 

 Send reminders, discount vouchers, festival schemes, survey forms, promo codes directly to your customer's phone. 






Better ROI with Lower Costs 

 With our enterprise friendly solutions audit logs, role based access system and multi-user accounts which helps you grow. 






Secure Operations 

 Easy and simple APIs allows software and web developers to integrate any application with Vasudev Global SMS. 






Auto Dialer 

 Send reminders, discount vouchers, festival schemes, survey forms, promo codes directly to your customer's phone. 






Call Disposition 

 With our enterprise friendly solutions audit logs, role based access system and multi-user accounts which helps you grow. 






On- call options 

 Send out millions of messages in seconds. Send SMS Now or schedule it for later. Send regional language messages too. 










Cloud Contact Center Benefits  





Connect with Customers over WebRTC
Enable voice communication between agent browser and call server with a contact centre software. WebRTC is embedded in a system and is supported on G.711 Codec wherein you can initiate browser based calling. Reduce the cost of purchasing hard phone and enable a secure communication between browsers. Easily integrate WebRTC with your existing hardware and seamlessly operate calling functionalities. 


Define your Routing Rules
Route the calls smartly and match callers to meet most qualified agents to increase customer satisfaction with cloud based call center software. Enhance existing skill based routing with the provision of a smart scheduler to identify idle agents correctly. Prioritize the ticket distribution and automatically route the calls on the basis of configured routing rules. Automatize the actions and route the calls to customer’s preferred agents thus delighting the customers. 


Automate your Dialing Strategies
Automate the dialing operations and increase agent’s productivity with cloud based call center software. Reduce the task of manually dialing, call waiting time or on-hold time and efficiently manage the calls with auto-dialer. Predictive dialer will automatically assign the calls based on configured parameters like availability of agents in the queue, average handling time or average wrapping time and reduce agent’s idle time. 


Integrate with Leading Applications
Easily integrate Ameyo Cloud with your business tools and access customer interaction history in your browser without any trouble. Avail all customer data in one interface and be well informed about customers before initiating any interaction. CRM-CTI integration with Zendesk, Freshdesk, Zoho, etc. ensures the flexibility in your business workflow. 


Reporting & Dashboard
Manage ticket distribution status and agent’s availability in peak hours and maximize the work efficiency with cloud call center solutions. Record inbound and outbound calls and set parameters of quality standards on the basis of conversion rate. Monitor multiple campaigns and set Key Campaign Metrics to analyze the performance of each agent individually. Get access to customer interaction data and active agents on priority queues while assigning tickets to agents. 








 






















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










