





































































MessageAll



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 





  


MessageAll
Tally Message Services
Send Transactional SMS from Tally with Transaction Details, Outstanding, Balances, Ledger Summary & more 
Get a Demo 













 All Our Features  



 


















              Features of SMS Service








Bulk SMS Simplified

 Send out millions of messages in seconds. Send SMS Now or schedule it for later. Send regional language messages too.  







Integrate SMS API's

 Easy and simple APIs allows software and web developers to integrate any application with Vasudev Global SMS.  







Send via Excel, App or Web

 APIs,Web interface,Excel, email gateway or Vasudev Global SMS mobile apps, Send SMS from everywhere. 







Inbound SMS Inbox

 Use short/long codes to allow your customers to instantly reach out and get information by just texting. 







Mobile Solutions

 Send reminders, discount vouchers, festival schemes, survey forms, promo codes directly to your customer's phone. 







Enterprise Ready 

 With our enterprise friendly solutions audit logs, role based access system and multi-user accounts which helps you grow. 










 Great SMS gateway infrastructure and friendly customer care is complimentary 








 High Speed Delivery  
 Our direct connectivity with multiple telecom operators, Smart SMS gateway routing and solid infrastructure ensures best-in-class delivery rates, ultra-low latencies and great support for your messages. Don't count our words, just hear what our customers' say! 





 Great Customer Care 
 Our team of technology experts and mobile marketing consultants is a deadly combination to help SMEs and Startups to use best SMS campaigns. Whatever your company size, you always get best from Vasudev Global SMS! 





 Monitor Real-Time Reports  
 Track delivery status report of every SMS sent through Vasudev Global SMS’ real-time reports. There are many cheap bulk SMS service providers who give fake delivery reports and almost half of market prices.









START CONVERTING TEXT MESSAGE INTO CUSTOMERS TODAY
Call Now : +91-90814-56969
 Start Free Demo








Promotional SMS or Transactional SMS, Choose right SMS Route.
Pick the SMS route that serves your business purpose, be it for Bulk Promotion or Customer engagement. Before you get started, kindly refer the quick guide below to gain a better understanding.






Promotional SMS
All new accounts comes with pre-configured promotional SMS, it is generally used for promotions to existing and new customers. Messages are sent to non-DND numbers between 9am and 9pm only. Start your free trial!





Transactional SMS
Transactional SMS are used for sending OTP, Alerts, Reminders, Notification to your registered users. The messages can be sent 24/7 with your own 6-alphabetic Sender ID. To configure a transactional route, create an account today or contact us. We do not charge for Setup





Enterprise SMS
We can offer both transactional and promotional SMS routes to you for free. You can send trouble free business SMS. Our direct relationship with Telecom Partners allows us to provide best delivery rates for SMS alerts.








 























Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2021 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










