






























































Disclaimer



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 

























Disclaimer


Home
Disclaimer 










I. INTRODUCTION:
This is to inform you that VasudevSMS governs your usage of this website (“Sites”), you acknowledge to this disclaimer in full. If you do not agree with any part of this disclaimer, then we request you to stop browsing our website. 
 II. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unless otherwise mentioned, we or our licensors possess the intellectual property rights of the site and the material on the site. Subject to the license below, all our intellectual property rights are reserved. 
 III. LICENSE TO USE THE WEBSITE
The user (means visitor to our website) can view, download for caching purpose only, and print pages from the website, provided that:

* The user must not republish material from this website (including republication on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system. (Though we encourage fair use for academic / non-commercial purposes)
* The user not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit our website or material on our website for any commercial purposes, without our express written consent. 

 IV. NO WARRANTIES
 (a) This website is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied. VasudevSMS makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, VasudevSMS does not warrant that: 

 * This website will be constantly available, or available at all; or 
* The information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading. 

 Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional 
 V.LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
 (a) VasudevSMS will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:

 * to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss.
* for any indirect, special or consequential loss or 
* for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data. 

 These limitations of liability apply even if VasudevSMS has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
 VI. VARIATION
 We may revise this disclaimer from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version. 
 VII. EXCEPTIONS
 Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit VasudevSMS's liability in respect of any:

* Death or personal injury caused by VasudevSMS's negligence
* Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of VasudevSMS or matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for VasudevSMS to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability. 

 VIII. REASONABLENESS
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website. Other parties which You accept as a limited liable entity, VasudevSMS will limit the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against VasudevSMS's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website. Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect VasudevSMS's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as VasudevSMS. 
IX. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
 This disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersedes all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website. 
 X. LAW AND JURISDICTION
 This notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian law, and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India, Vadodara, Gujarat. 
 XI. UNENFORCEABLE PROVISIONS
 If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer. 
















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










