






























































Terms Of use



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 

























Terms Of use


Home
Terms Of use










The use of any information (the "Materials") available through the internet websites accessible at Vasudev.com (the "Website") by any user of the Website ("You" or "Your" hereafter) shall be governed by the following terms of use:

* Vasudev.com website shall be used for informational purposes only. By using the Website or downloading Materials from the Website, You hereby agree to abide by the terms and conditions mentioned in this Terms of Use. If in case, You do not agree to these terms and conditions then, You are requested not to use the Website or download Materials from the Website.

This Website, including all Materials present (excluding any applicable third-party materials), is the property of Vasudev.com and is copyrighted and protected. You hereby agree to comply with all copyright laws in Your use of this Website and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials. Vasudev.com does not grant any express or implied rights under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or trade secret information.
I. LIMITED LICENSE
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use, Vasudev.com grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access and use of this Website and the Materials thereon. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Website in any manner. Unless otherwise specified, the Website is for Your personal and non-commercial use. Any information that is obtained from this website by user shall not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sold..
II. BLOGS
(a)This is to inform and clarify that individuals (including but not limited to employees of Vasudev.com and referred to as “Individuals” hereafter) may contribute articles and opinions on this Website entirely at the sole discretion of Vasudev.com, in the form of “blogs”, as such term is generally understood. You hereby acknowledge and agree that these blogs constitute the opinion of the Individuals in their personal capacity, and may not represent official positions of Vasudev.com in any manner. Vasudev.com retains all copyright to these blogs.

You may be permitted to post comments and feedback to these blogs. By doing so, You expressly agree and acknowledge to abide by the following:
You shall not defame, abuse, harass or threaten Vasudev.com or any of its third party, or otherwise violate the legal rights of Vasudev.com or any third party.
You shall not contribute any content or take any action that may in any manner adversely affect the reputation of Vasudev.com, or that is otherwise detrimental to Vasudev.com.
You shall not use profane and objectionable language or abbreviations. You shall not use any character(s) as a substitute for objectionable language.
You shall not in any manner reveal confidential or proprietary information of any third party.
You shall not conduct any contests or publish or propagate any forwards.
You shall not defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity but not limited to the foregoing) of any other party including Vasudev.com.
You shall not upload or otherwise make available, files that contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless You own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same.
You shall not upload files that contain viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another.
You shall not advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purposes
You shall not download any file posted that You know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed, and/or distributed in such manner.
You shall not falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
You shall not create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.
You shall not in any way deface or vandalize this Website, or prevent or restrict others from using this Website.
You shall indemnify and hold Vasudev.com to be harmless from any claims and loss incurred by Vasudev.com as a result of Your violation of these Terms of Use.
You acknowledge that Vasudev.com may, at its sole discretion, monitor, remove or edit any content that You contribute. Vasudev.com may also pursue remedies available to it under law for any violation of these terms and conditions.

















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










