





































































Toll Free Number



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






  


Toll Free Number
Toll Free Number in Minutes
Give the brand value to your business, make it is more easier for your customers to connect with you. Get 1800 toll free number today.
Get a Demo 













   Features of a Toll Free Number







Remote Teams

 Cloud-based toll free number makes you boundary free and lets  your team work from anywhere, they attend the calls from anywhere. 






Call Recording

 Calls are recorded on the cloud for quality and monitoring purposes.With our enterprise friendly solutions audit logs, role based access system and multi-user accounts which helps you grow. 






IVR Menu

 Large number of incoming calls are handled seamlessly by using auto-receptionist and self-assisted feature of IVR system. 






Call Reports

 Supervise and monitor your team productivity and check how are they attending the calls and who missed with department wise or employee wise details. 






Call Management

 All-in-one call management solution provides you with access to call recording, forwarding, routing and other important call management system features. 






Multi-level IVR

 Set many IVR menu options with OneNumber Toll Free  to connect the department based on their IVR menu inputs 










 
Boost your business growth 
        with 1800 number
      
Improve your on-call customer interaction1800 tollfree number is a virtual number that allows your callers to connect with your business at zero calling cost. Callers are greeted with a professional and customized voice greeting. Calls coming at your toll-free number are automatically transferred to your employee's phone number and this helps you provide faster on-call resolution to your customers.




 


 Increase your customer calls 
Your tollfree business number gains trust and credibility towards your company from your prospects. The free calling feature of the number increases the chances of prospects connecting with your business. Such a professional business number helps you take an edge over your competitors and thus, results in more customer calls and revenue.









 Non-tollfree number v/s tollfree number






   Customers pay their calling charges

 It is difficult to handle many calls at time by receptionist.
 Callers bear standard calling charges to call at your business phone number.
 Human call agent works only during office hours and fails to attend calls from different time zones.





 Customers call you at 0 cost

 Toll Free Number with IVR System manages many calls at a time
 With 1800 business number callers connect with your business at zero calling cost.
 A Toll Free Number with interactive voice response stays available 24*7 for your callers and can attend calls at all time durations.










START CONVERTING CALLS INTO CUSTOMERS TODAY
Call Now : +91-93138-06696 or 1800-890-6696
 Start Free Demo







Frequently Asked Questions
We love questions. Below are some common ones. If you've still have more, no problem, just contact our sales experts.      
      






   What is a tollfree number?   

Tollfree number is a virtual number with multiple contact numbers mapped behind it. Call placed at the tollfree number is cost-free for the caller and is automatically forwarded to the employee’s number.  

   How can I Get Toll Free Number?   

To get Toll Free number from Vasudev Global you have to subscribe for our services, you can get in touch with our experts on +91-93138-06696 or 1800-890-6696 

   How can I get a demo of how Toll Free Number works?   

  You can sign up for a free demo with Vasudev Global. With the demo you will be able to learn and see how Toll Free works for you. 

   Can I use my old business number with Toll Free Number?   

Absolutely. We will help you get connected your existing number with your Toll Free Number so you can get the best of the both. 

   How much time does it take to set up a Cloud Based Toll Free Number System?   

We know the time is key to progress. Our system is cloud-based it takes only few minutes to complete the Toll Free Number System set up. Once the account is set our experts can set up and make the system ready within 24hrs. 


















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










