





































































API Docs



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 








API Docs
Bulk SMS Gateway Api Provider, API Integration Services :: Vasudev India
Simple and Easy API's which can be integrated with your application and allows you to send SMS in minutes.

With the help of Vasudev SMS Global API's you would be able to send bulk SMS, trigger OTP's and important transactional updates, get your messages in the Inbox, extract reports, organise contacts and more. Our smart SMS gateway routing helps us to provide you a world class delivery.




  <?php
  require 'Vasudev.class.php';  $Vasudev=new Vasudev(smscare@vasudev.com',
  'e215398a8820abd2c7a11a6cd5b1009d'); 
  $Vasudev->sendSms('917788990011','Your car - 
   KA01 HG 9999 - is due for service on July 24th,  please text SERVICE to 
  92205 92205 for a callback','FORDIN');
  ?>


 

See Full API Documentation









Text sending SMS in minutes by using our sample API codes.
We ensure reliable and secured sending and receiving of SMS through any application. Our direct connection with the leading telecom operators and smart routing capabilities guarantees best and speedy delivery of your SMS. Not only you are able to send and receive SMS but with the help of our API's you can pull reports, schedule SMS, organise your contacts and much more. Complete integration of API's with our panel makes it easy to access the most of the portal features without being logged In.Get in touch with our experts or contact us on +91 908 145 6969

The pre-requiste to send or receive SMS is that your application is connected to Internet. We make available full codes illustration in almost every modern language for you to begin - but by leaving a choice on you, how would you like to start? There are infinite possibilites and our technical experts are always a finger tip away to guide you with any of concerns.











With Vasudev SMS Global API's simply Integrate Enterprise SMS functionality
API's are designed in such way that they can go beyond simply processing a campaign, schdeuling messages, organising contacts, receive Inbound texts and way more. Refer the below features and sign up with us. 
          
          
        





Process Bulk SMS 





Schedule SMS  





 Inbound text 





Organise Contacts 





Managing your Reseller   





Pull Reports   



















































Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










