































































The Power of Bulk SMS Marketing – Improve your Brand’s communication



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 







 The Power of Bulk SMS Marketing – Improve your Brand’s communication 

Author :  Vasudev Global Digital Team
                | Date :  June 27, 2022 |
                          
		  





 

How important is Bulk SMS marketing to your business? If you are unfamiliar with the concept, it's about sending text messages to your customers in groups rather than individually. We are here for you.
How does Bulk SMS Marketing help in establishing a brand
If you want your brand to stand out in today's crowded market, you must get more customers. People are too busy with their day-to-day lives and don't have time for anything extra. Bulk SMS can help you by ensuring that people receive all of your important information – messages and texts – as soon as possible so they don't forget about it.
Sending SMS will make them aware of your company, its services or products, and what you offer. With Bulk SMS marketing, you can be assured that all of your clients will know precisely what they need to do when it comes time to make a purchase or take advantage of any other service or product offered by your company. Bulk SMS is an effective way to ensure that everyone who needs something from you receives a reminder immediately when they need it most!

[caption id="attachment_1286" align="aligncenter" width="300"] Bulk SMS Marketing[/caption]
The importance of effective communication in an organization
In today's world, effective communication has become imperative in every organization. For any service provider or company, effective communication is a must. It is equally important for each department or section of an organization so that everyone receives accurate information and directions about their assignments and duties. In today's busy world, where time is scarce, bulk SMS can be useful when used effectively. 
Bulk SMS services are cost-effective as well as convenient. They are easy to send from anywhere with just a few clicks on your computer. Bulk SMS marketing helps companies reach out to potential customers who may not have been contacted otherwise due to a lack of resources, workforce, or money.
What are the benefits of Bulk SMS marketing
One of the best things about bulk SMS marketing is that it offers distinct advantages over other forms of marketing. It's a great way to stay in touch with customers and clients, for one thing; since it's an interactive medium, people are far more likely to read through an SMS than they are to open up any other form of email marketing.
Customers can respond if they're interested in what's Advertised. They don't have to dig through newsletters or adverts; they must pick up their phone and type a few simple words. Bulk SMS marketing is effective because it directly targets your customers and allows them to convey it back to you quickly. It also has another significant advantage: it works on every phone on earth!
Everything about sending bulk SMS messages
Sending Bulk SMS is no longer restricted to communication service providers and corporations. The emergence of Bulk SMS providers has made sending bulk SMS messages affordable even for small-scale enterprises. Bulk SMS marketing has proved to be a lucrative avenue for these enterprises, as it helps them increase their customer base rapidly and easily create a brand image. Moreover, it allows these firms to contact their customers instantly whenever required.
Plenty of Bulk SMS service providers in India offer several packages to their clients. However, not all these providers are suitable for sending bulk SMS messages. So, before choosing any bulk SMS provider, one must ensure he or she is dealing with a reputable company. Vasudev Global is one such company that offers its clients a wide range of lucrative plans for sending bulk SMS messages in India at an affordable price.
Why are people using bulk SMS marketing?
Bulk SMS marketing is gaining popularity among small businesses across India and worldwide. There are many reasons for choosing Bulk SMS marketing to communicate with your customers. The top 3 reasons for choosing Bulk SMS marketing over other forms of advertising are ROI, Simplicity and Brand Awareness.
When comparing bulk SMS marketing with other digital marketing methods like Google AdWords, email marketing, and Many More, it can be seen that Bulk SMS is considered more practical for several reasons. We have listed some below: 

Bulk SMS is a straightforward way to contact your customers instantly. 
It's sent directly from the sender's device, and the user can immediately read it in his phone inbox.
 




















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2022 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










