
































































What Is IVR and How It Works | IVR Full Form | IVR System



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 







 What Is IVR and How It Works | IVR Full Form | IVR System 

Author :  Vasudev Global Digital Team
                | Date :  November 15, 2022 |
                          
		  





 

			 If you are here, We understand that you are looking for information about IVR or need IVR Services For Your Business. In today's Post, We will examine the IVR System.

IVR's full form in telecom is Interactive Voice Response. It is generally used for call center services. But now, many companies use this for their branding and support system. As per the IVR Full form Interactive Voice Response, it is interactive & lucrative because of the following reasons.

There is no need to hire a person to attend the front-end calls.
It has a robotic voice or pre-recorded voice.
IVR has a telephony menu system in which users call route-appropriate agents based on the user selection in the menu.

Interactive voice response example
Many companies provide IVR systems. Many of them are very costly and have different Terms and Conditions. Many companies provide IVR at a Cheaper rate, but we all know that if quantity is focused, Companies will compromise quality. So if you need better communication, choose your service provider wisely. IF you need a sample call for the IVR system then call us on +91 9510766696.
Advantages of IVR System

IVR provides better service because IVR provides quick response and narrows down the problem area, reducing customer waiting time.
IVR system is for 24 hours a day and seven days a week. So a customer can call at any time to solve their minor problems.
Each IVR system can be modified and set to each person's preference.
IVR also helps to improve a company's image, giving the organization a professional image.
A large portion of business transactions and deals happen through the IVR. Thus, having an IVR is profitable for your business.
Just like increasing profit, an IVR System also helps to increase your business's productivity.

Process Of  IVR System.
The IVR system’s process is straightforward. When a Customer calls the IVR System, then they receive a greeting. After that, customers can hear menu options. For Instance, Press 1 For Sales, 2 For HR Department, and 3 For Technical support. After pressing any key by the customer they will connect to the respective department.

On the other side, the Admin can hear call recordings and can change the automation process. Also, Admin can take the analytics function for the analysis function.

[caption id="attachment_1420" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] IVR Full Form[/caption]
Conclusion
In this post, you were aware of the complete form of the IVR system, the advantages of the IVR System, and the Process Of the IVR System. If you have any doubts, please comment below or write to us at solutions@vasudev.com. We are happy to help you.
More Contents From Vasudev Global

6 Best Functions Of Bulk SMS in the education sector
Why you should use Bulk SMS Marketing to grow your business
Why you should use Bulk SMS Marketing to grow your business
 




















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2022 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










