





































































IVR Services



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






  


IVR Services
IVR system for your business phone
Greet your callers with personalized welcome greeting, connect calls to the right department & stay 24*7 available for your callers.
All these and more with the power of Cloud Platform.
Get a Demo 












Features of an IVR System







Centralized Business Number

 Manage many departments and employees with OneNumber on the cloud. 






IVR Greetings

 Virtual receptionist will greet callers with personalized greetings before connecting to the departments. 






Call Forwarding

 Forward the call directly to your employee's phone number for quicker connect. 






Multi-level IVR

 Set many IVR menu options with OneNumber to connect the department based on their IVR menu inputs. 






Call Reports

 Check how many calls you missed, attended and which department or employee attended the calls. 






Call Recording

 Calls are recorded on the cloud for quality and monitoring purposes. 









 

 Upgrade your on-call customer  experience with IVR            
Be 24*7 available for your callersIVR acts a virtual receptionist, and helps your business route calls to the right department and right agents automatically. Even when none of the agents are available, callers get an option to leave their message in the voicemail. Also, time-based and location-based call routing options helps your business be available for your international customers as per their time-zone. 



 


Never a dull welcome with professional voice greeting               
 IVR welcomes all your callers with a professional and personalized voice greeting irrespective of their geographical location. Not only this, it greets your callers in their local language. Your customized IVR creates a brand recognition among your callers and also increases your brand recall value. It therefore helps you ensure an enhanced on-call experience for your customers.









 Human receptionist v/s IVR solution





 Human receptionist

 Human receptionist works only during office hours and fails to attend callers of different time zones. 
 It’s hard to find a human receptionist who speaks all languages as your customers do. 
 A human might fail to route calls efficiently as per your callers need or won't be to attend all the calls simultaneously. 





IVR as a receptionist

 An interactive voice response stays available 24*7 for your callers and can attend calls at all time durations. 
 An IVR greets and interacts with your callers in their native language and gives them a personalized experience. 
 IVR, a virtual receptionist helps a business in intelligent routing of calls as per callers need, even during peak hours. 










START CONVERTING CALLS INTO CUSTOMERS TODAY
Call Now : +91-93138-06696 or 1800-890-6696
 Start Free Demo







  Frequently Asked Questions   We love questions. Below are some common ones. If you've still have more, no problem, just contact our sales experts.







   What is an IVR System?   

IVR System is call management system with many features to help you handle your calls with easy. OneNumber IVR system can help you to manage your business calls with more efficiency.  

   What are the features of OneNumber IVR System?   

The features of our IVR System are call forwarding, call tracking, Welcome and department wise IVR, Tollfree Number, virtual number, call transfer, call recording, callers' number database, call reports and many more.    

   How can I get cloud based Office IVR System?   

Its simple, you can get a cloud based office IVR system from Vasudev Global. We provide feature rich cloud based IVR System with 24*7 availability. 

   How much does it cost to have an IVR System?   

Our IVR System is very affordable. Our IVR System plans start at ₹900 per month. Get more information on the IVR System please get in touch with our experts. 

     Can I use my existing business number along with the IVR system ?   

Do not worry, we can connect your existing business number with our IVR System. Your existing old business number still remains with you. 

   How many days does it take to set up Cloud Based IVR System?   

We know the time is key to progress. Our system is cloud-based it takes only few minutes to complete the IVR System set up. Once the contract is done our experts can set up and make the system ready within 24hrs. 


















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










