





































































Voice Broadcasting



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






  


Voice Broadcasting
Voice Broadcasting Solutions for All Your Needs
Reach a large number of people real quick. Start your voice broadcast campaign. Your high-quality and secure broadcasting campaigns are powered by our reliable and secure platform.
Get a Demo 












 Supporting Your Voice Broadcast Campaigns







Many Campaigns, One Solution 

 Manage and run multiple voice broadcasting campaigns at a time on Vasudev Global's  user friendly portal.  






Auto Call Redials 

 Set auto redials to customers who missed your call. This ensures that  campaign receives maximum coverage.  






Text-to-Speech 

 Our built-in TTS Integration will allow you to convert your text to an audio message.  






Scheduled Campaign 

 Schedule and customise your voice campaigns for different time, day and contacts as per your needs.  






DNC List Check 

 Opt out ‘Do Not Call’ numbers while importing your leads with built-in DNC check.  






Detailed Reports 

 Get daily campaign reports and updates to about your team members on their campaigns.  









START CONVERTING CALLS INTO CUSTOMERS TODAY
Call Now : +91-93138-06696 or 1800-890-6696
 Start Free Demo 







 Industry Solutions  One Stop Solution for Every Industry







Political Campaigns


  Keep voted updated with voice broadcast messages 
  Keep volunteers updated about the campaign 
  Arrange sample election survey or polls 







Healthcare


  Update patients with  personalised notifications 
  Update doctors of arriving emergencies 
  Inform about health cares 







Hospitality


  Send booking updates 
  Collect feedback and manage surveys 
  Update customers with latest offers 







Education


  Send important study announcements 
  Run admission promotion campaign 
  Collect feedback and manage surveys 







Banking


  Double secure and send OTP on call 
  Send verification call for suspicious activities 
  Send loan and other discounted offers 







E-commerce


  Verify high value orders by calls 
  Broadcast promotions and sales offers 
  Connect broadcast with company’s IVR 









 























Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










