





































































Voice Carrier Service Pr



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






A2P Wholesale Carrier


HomeCarrier ServicesVoice Carrier Service Pr 








  


Reach more customers worldwide with crystal-clear voice communications
Jitter-free, low-latency VoIP service for any application. 

Direct connections to operators around the world means our VoIP service for businesses provides jitter-free, low-latency voice for any application.
Contact an Expert 










 





Personalization through  embedded placeholders 
Hyper-personalize the customer experience with dynamic placeholders for names and other personal details. Easy to integrate with our feature-packed People solution on web-based interface or your own customer database.





Convert text to phone calls
 Conveniently convert written text to voice on our platform to launch communications at scale and track their status with delivery reports. With support for more than 100 languages and accents, our platform lets you speak to your customers in their native language.









 Key features 





 Interactive voice response 
Automate inbound and outbound voice-based processes with our powerful Interactive Voice Response (IVR) service. Our platform’s range of capabilities allows you to streamline the call experience, whether you’re collecting feedback, responding to customer queries professionally, or directing callers to the right person.    




 High-definition voice-first experiences 
No lag, no jitter, no echo, no static. Reach customers around the globe with high-quality next-generation voice experiences. Underpinned by a carrier-grade SIP Trunk with points of presence in every major global center, 24/7 direct access to carrier-grade networks around the world, and optimized connections.    










  

Voiace




  Text to Speech




  Number Masking

















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










