





































































Missed Call Service



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






  


Missed Call Service
Efficient and Quick Way to Generate Leads
Capturing customer responses and interests are easily done using Missed call services. Missed call is quick and low cost medium to collect quality leads. 
Get a Demo 












Features of Missed Call Service







Unlimited Missed Calls

 Handle a huge number of missed calls at a time and rest assured you won’t miss out on any potential leads. 






Operate Multiple Campaigns

 Manage and run multiple missed call campaigns at a time on Vasudev Global's user friendly portal. 






IVR Missed Call

 Send customised voice message by connecting your missed call services with IVR Service. 






Campaign Reports

 Get daily campaign reports and stay updated about your missed call campaigns. 






Missed Call SMS Alert

 Instant SMS notification for every missed call you receive and remain informed of every response. 






Many Numbers, One Campaign

 Subscribe for  multiple miss call numbers to broaden your potential reach and campaign success in less time. 









START CONVERTING CALLS INTO CUSTOMERS TODAY
Call Now : +91-93138-06696 or 1800-890-6696
 Start Free Demo 







Advantages of Missed Call Service







Zero Cost to Customers

 When your customer use missed call service, it cost them nothing. It is cost free engagement. 






Get High-quality Leads

 Missed call responses are the qualified leads, they are the people who has shown interest in your product or services. 






Easy to Set-up

 Easy set up to control your cloud based missed call service with user friendly web portal. 






Quick Customer Engagement

 Increase customer participation in your marketing campaign with missed call service. 






Measure Campaign Performance

 Reports with detailed information of received missed call will help you to review your campaign progress and performance. 






Marketing & Survey Tool

 Missed call service is a great marketing platform. It is also used to conduct surveys and feedback. 








 























Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










