









































































4 Ways a Startup Company Can Benefit From Bulk SMS Services



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 







 4 Ways a Startup Company Can Benefit From Bulk SMS Services 

Author :  Vasudev Global Digital Team
                | Date :  July 13, 2022 |
                          
		  





 

4 Ways a Startup Company Can Benefit From Bulk SMS Services
Bulk SMS Services: When you’re running a startup company, it’s easy to get caught up in the minutiae of the daily grind. Your responsibilities can feel endless, and keeping track of everything you need to do can be overwhelming. You may feel like there aren’t enough hours in the day. However, there are plenty of little things you can do that will significantly impact your business. Implementing systems and services that streamline your operations and providing solutions to problems you encounter regularly are all ways to make your business more efficient and successful. There are many significant advantages to operating your business as a startup company. Smaller-scale operations offer more opportunities for personal interaction with customers, employees, suppliers, and partners. This environment is also advantageous regarding cost controls because smaller companies generally pay lower taxes and insurance premiums than larger businesses. Here are four ways a startup company can benefit from bulk SMS services:

Track Customer Feedback
When you’re a startup company, you can’t expect to have a large number of customers right off the bat. This makes it difficult to compile an accurate customer feedback database. However, you can easily track customer feedback via bulk SMS services. You must ask customers to text a specific keyword or phrase to a designated number. You can ask them to text input, suggestions, or provide reviews on your products or services. You can then log this information and use it to improve your business operations. You can track the overall positive and negative feedback to see what areas of your business need improvement. This information is invaluable because you can use it to adjust your services to please your existing customers while attracting new ones.

Send Marketing and Advertising Messages
Marketing and advertising are essential to the success of almost any type of business. However, as a startup company, you may not have the funds to invest in traditional advertising methods. Bulk SMS services can help you reach out to potential customers and clients with targeted marketing messages. You can set up campaigns that automatically send out these messages at certain times or in response to specific events. You can send out messages to customers who have made a purchase, clients who need your services, or even interested individuals with whom you don’t yet have any relationship. You can send out marketing messages at a fraction of the cost of a traditional advertising campaign using bulk SMS services. This can help you boost revenue while keeping your startup capital low.

Why you should use Bulk SMS Marketing to grow your business

Provide Employees With Real-Time Information
Teams of employees working together on a common goal can create tremendous value for your business. However, it cannot be easy to maintain communication between different offices and departments, mainly when operating as a startup company. Bulk SMS services can help you connect employees with real-time information. You can set up a system where a department manager sends a message to the entire team whenever data changes. For example, your sales department is responsible for closing a deal. You can set up a system where the sales manager sends an automatic text message to the rest of the team whenever the deal is closed. This message can contain information on the customer, including their name, address, and payment details. Employees can then send back a response confirming this information is correct. This simple communication tool can help your business run more efficiently by reducing the risk of miscommunication.

Provide Employees With A Coaching Tool
As a startup company, you may not have the resources to hire a full-time or part-time psychologist. However, psychological well-being is essential for employees at all levels. Bulk SMS services can help you implement a coaching tool that provides employees emotional support. You can set up a system where employees can send a specific predetermined text message, such as “START,” to a designated number. This can help employees get the support they need quickly and discreetly. Because the coaching tool is automated, you can have it running around the clock.

Conclusion
Bulk SMS services are beneficial for all types of businesses. Startup companies, however, can benefit from these services in particular ways. Bulk SMS services can help you track customer feedback, send marketing and advertising messages, provide real-time information, and provide employees with a coaching tool. 




















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2022 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










