






























































Copyrights



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 

























Copyrights


Home
Copyrights  










OWNERSHIP OF COPYRIGHT
 (a)The text, images and all data ('the content’) of the vasudev.com website are copyright. Copyright in the content of the website remains with the company and other copyright owners as specified.

  I. COPYRIGHT LICENSE
Vasudev.com allows to you a global non-exclusive royalty-free revocable license to:


View this website and the material on this website on a computer or mobile device via a web browser;
Copy and store this website and the material on this website in your web browser cache memory;
Print pages from this website for your own personal and non-commercial use.

Vasudev.com does not grant you any other rights in relation to this website or the material on this website. In other words, all other rights are reserved.

II. DATA MINING
 (a) The automated and/or systematic collection of data from this website is prohibited.

  III. PERMISSIONS
 (a) You may request permission to use the copyright materials on this website by writing to email id
  IV. ENFORCEMENT OF COPYRIGHT
 (a)  Vasudev.com takes the protection of its copyright very seriously.

If Vasudev.com discovers that you have used its copyright materials in contravention of the license above, Vasudev.com may bring legal proceedings against you seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop you from using those materials. You could also be ordered to pay legal costs.

If you become aware of any use of Vasudev.com's copyright materials that contravenes or may contravene the license above, please report this by posting an e-mail to legal@vasudev.com or by post to Address as mentioned below

 V. INFRINGING MATERIAL
302, Iscon Atria 2,
Gotri Road, Gotri,
Vadodara, Gujarat, India Pin 390021

















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










