





































































Click to call



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 





  


Click To Call
Deploy callback widget on your website and
accelerate your lead conversion right away
Get a Demo 








 
Capture Every Potential Lead with Click to Call Widget
Providing a quick call back option on your website/portals eases the calling process for potential customers looking to contact. After landing on your website, visitors can straightaway submit their contact number and request a callback to get in touch with you.
Deploying this click to call widget on your website gives your potential customers a prompt method to connect with you. Eliminating the on-hold time and reducing the hassle to connect with business, this solution provides a quick and cost-free way to connect with your business.
Click to call service also ensures that you miss out no potential customers. Ensuring every callback request is attended boosts the probability of lead conversion. And with a reduction in customer efforts, customer satisfaction doubles.




 


Detailed reporting and in-depth call analytics with the help of call recordings multiplies the potential of quality lead-conversion. Analysing the lead to customer journey with CRM integration further enhances the whole efficiency of the process.
Use Zoho suite, google sheet integration and more to innovate and customise your click to call solution. Third-part integration expands total utilization of your service.
Eliminating the need to manually dial the phone number saves business and customer’s time. Ease of contact provided by the click to call service doubles the efficiency of the whole communication process. And its easy-to-integrate feature makes click to call a promising option for every business.








Instant Callback Solution to Step Up Your Customer Experience







Schedule Callbacks

 Do not keep customers waiting in long call queues. Instead, provide your customers with the flexibility to connect at their preferred time directly.  






Multidevice Compatibility

 Without installing any additional plugin, customers can easily use the callback button on multiple devices.  






Call Recording 

 Keep a tab on every customer conversation with automatic call recording. Use these recordings to provide effective coaching to your agents.  






CRM Integration

 Get an overview of the customer’s journey by integrating your service with CRM. Utilise this information to make a quick and informed business decision.  






Callback API

 Embed callback APIs in your agent portal or app. And without manual dialling get quickly connected with the desired customer.  






Caller ID Choices

 Tweak your outbound caller ID by selecting from the list of available options. Seamlessly toggle between multiple caller IDs when needed.  























































Benefits

Spend Less and Deliver More





 
Capture Website Visitors 
 Convert web-based traffic into potential leads by providing a prompt method to inquire about the services. 




 
Reduce Call Waiting Time
 Get rid of long call queues and deliver a high-quality customer experience by asking customers to request/schedule a callback at their convenience. 




 
Call Without Dialing
 Eliminate the task of remembering and manually dialling numbers. With a single click on the browser, you can place the call on the desired number. 














































 Get a Demo 












Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










