





































































Resellers



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






  


Resellers
Become our BULK SMS Reseller
Make money by simply offering the perfect mobile marketing and customer engagement platform to your customers.

Get a Demo 








 Identify the correct SMS Reseller plan that matches your business needs
  Become our official white labeled bulk SMS provider by partnering with Vasudev SMS Global to increase your income stream. By venturing with us you straightway beat all the Bulk SMS providers and resellers in the market as we offer unique and innovative mobile marketing experience that your customer will love. We Our SMS reseller option includes friendly support team who is always happy to assist you on any technical and business concerns.We have designed a new Customer Service model that will beat the current market expectations. We insist you to try and experience the same.






Reseller





Affiliate 





White Label 






















  
 Reseller Packages
 Partnering with Vasudev SMS Global:
On becoming our partner we offer you a complete business mobile messaging solution that you can offer to your clientele through a fully branded site for sending and receiving messages online and that too without mentioning of Vasudev SMS Global anywhere.



Thus you can create your own pricing chart and offer to your customers and thereby create your own additional revenue for your company. We also offer you with your personal Account creation tool, Admin Account and Reports so that you have total access to the system.


Add your own logo and colors 
Have the complete access to the system
Special SMS pricing
All maintenance and system updates during the year









 How does it works?
Our white label reseller package will not be different from the existing system except for two differences. The site will designed in such a way that no reference to Vasudev SMS Global and the buy credit button will be removed and replaced with your desired contact number to get your customers reach you for purchasing the credits. However, you must purchase the credits from us and transfer your customers.


You can sell the SMS credits to your customers at your desired price. You will need a domain along with SSL secured certification so that we would be able to create your account. Your account will be ready within 7 working days.      












Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










