






























































FAQ



























  SG: +65 3 159 1040   IN:  +91 908 146 6969 
   











  


OneNumberTM
MessageAll
Products

Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Voice Broadcasting
Missed Call Service
Tally SMS Plugin


Carrier Services

Voice Carrier Services
A2P SMS Services


StartUps
Resources

FAQ
API Docs
Support
Blog


Contact Us


 Get Started 






FAQ


HomeFAQ 








Frequently Asked Questions
Got questions? We've got answers. If you’ve some other queries, contact our support centre.







   What is a tollfree number?   

Tollfree number is a virtual number with multiple contact numbers mapped behind it. Call placed at the tollfree number is cost-free for the caller and is automatically forwarded to the agent’s number. 

   How can I Get Toll Free Number?   

To get Toll Free number from Vasudev Global you have to subscribe for our services, you can get in touch with our experts on +91-93138-06696 or 1800-890-6696 

   How can I get a demo of how Toll Free Number works?   

  You can sign up for a free demo with Vasudev Global. With the demo you will be able to learn and see how Toll Free works for you. 

   Can I use my old business number with Toll Free Number?   

Absolutely. We will help you get connected your existing number with your Toll Free Number so you can get the best of the both. 

   How much time does it take to set up a Cloud Based Toll Free Number System?   

We know the time is key to progress. Our system is cloud-based it takes only few minutes to complete the Toll Free Number System set up. Once the account is set our experts can set up and make the system ready within 24hrs. 
















Reseller Packages  





 Learn about our API  





 Download App  










Send bulk SMS with text, OTPs, links & more










 



Create a Free Account














Products
OneNumberTM
Toll Free Number
IVR Services
Missed Call Service
Voice Broadcasting
MessageBhejo for Tally



 Company
About
Careers
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
 

 Resources 
FAQ
API Docs
Support





 
 

		  	  
		  















            © Copyright @ 2020 Vasudev Global


















xWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT










