






Cancellation Refund Policy - Alendei Platforms




























































Skip to content








 



























Home
About
Partnership
Contact
 
Free Demo 










Cancellation Refund Policy


Home Cancellation Refund Policy 











Last updated on 24-11-2023 17:05:52
ALENDEI PLATFORMS PRIVATE LIMITED believes in helping its customers as far as possible, and 
has therefore a liberal cancellation policy. Under this policy:
• Cancellations will be considered only if the request is made immediately after placing the order. 
However, the cancellation request may not be entertained if the orders have been communicated to the 
vendors/merchants and they have initiated the process of shipping them.
• ALENDEI PLATFORMS PRIVATE LIMITED does not accept cancellation requests for perishable 
items like flowers, eatables etc. However, refund/replacement can be made if the customer establishes 
that the quality of product delivered is not good.
• In case of receipt of damaged or defective items please report the same to our Customer Service team. 
The request will, however, be entertained once the merchant has checked and determined the same at his 
own end. This should be reported within Only same day days of receipt of the products. In case you feel 
that the product received is not as shown on the site or as per your expectations, you must bring it to the 
notice of our customer service within Only same day days of receiving the product. The Customer 
Service Team after looking into your complaint will take an appropriate decision.
• In case of complaints regarding products that come with a warranty from manufacturers, please refer 
the issue to them. In case of any Refunds approved by the ALENDEI PLATFORMS PRIVATE 
LIMITED, it’ll take 3-5 Days days for the refund to be processed to the end customer.

SearchSearchRecent PostsAt the Heart of Connection: How Alendei Bridges the Communication Gap
Empowering Education with CPaaS Tools like WhatsApp Business
API Chatbots: Powering Productivity and Revenue Revolution
Alendei Platforms: Awarded CPaaS Partner of the Year 2023
Categories Awards

CPaaS

Technology



Tags
AI Chatbots
API Chatbots
Chatbots
CPaaS market growth
Education sector communication strategies
Improving student engagement
Innovative communication tools for educators
Innovative technology
Latest Tech
Service
Social Media API
Solutions
Virtual Customer support
Whatsapp business
WhatsApp Business benefits for universities
WhatsApp Business features for schools
 













We will create a chatbot for you as per your needs.

Create Chatbot

 


About Us
Empower your communication with Alendei, a leading CPaaS platform specializing in personalized conversations. Using WhatsApp and other channels, we redefine customer engagement. Our commitment is to deliver innovative solutions, transparent pricing, and a seamless experience. Join us in creating meaningful connections and elevating your communication strategy. 

Useful LinksBlog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Cancellation Refund Policy
Shipping Delivery Policy
Disclaimer
Definition
 












					© 2024 Alendei - All Rights Reserved by Alendei Platforms				


 














 
































