






About - Alendei Platforms


































































Skip to content








 



























Home
About
Partnership
Contact
 
Free Demo 








 




 









  





Meta Partnerships Redefining Communication
Unleash the potential of seamless communication with Alendei, your trusted Meta Partners. As pioneers in the CPaaS industry, we redefine customer engagement by leveraging cutting-edge solutions. Join us on the journey to elevate your brand's communication strategy through innovation and collaboration.









Meet Our Team














 











 







 






















							99						
%



Customer Satisfaction










							200						
+



Active Chatbots














							180						
s



Onboarding to Chatbot










							150						
+



Company Partners

















Our Story
Alendei Revolutionizing Customer Engagement
Deliver high-quality products and services in a collaborative environment that supports and expands our ability to add value to our partners.





We Are Awarded By- 







 







 





















Our Commitments 
A helping hand to growing business
We are looking forward to growing India hence we provide the best pay as you go model, so there is no large fees commitment.











 


Drag and Drop Chatbot

                We provide you with best no code drag and drop chatbot dashboard with the best documentation.            


 





 


Advance AI Technology

                Our chatbot is enhanced with AI to understand user persona and choose the required response automatically.            


 





 


Best Customer Service

                We help you with best integration and best service to help you get automated.            


 











 













Our Team
The Strength of Alendei
A collaborative and dynamic team drives our success. With a shared commitment to excellence, innovation, and client satisfaction, the Alendei team stands ready to transform your communication strategy.















 






					Prinsalkumar Parikh				

					CEO & Founder				
















 






					Priyang Patel				

					Co-Founder				
















 






					Krunal Ghelani				

					CTO				




















 






					Prinsalkumar Parikh				

					CEO & Founder				
















 






					Priyang Patel				

					Co-Founder				
















 






					Krunal Ghelani				

					CTO				
















 






					Sunny Desai				

					Executive Assistant to CEO				




















 






					Chhaya Singh				

					Strategic Partnership Alliance				
















 






					Sakshi Thakur				

					Digital Sales Journey Expert				
















 






					Priyanka Shah				

					Digital Sales Executive				
















 






					Shardul Ghaisas 				

					Business development Manager				




















 






					Devanshi Chovatiya				

					Program Manager				
















 






					Carol Roy				

					Technical Integration Specialist				
















 






					Malav Shah				

					LinkedIn Expert				
















 






					Payal Suthar				

					Creative Designer				




















Testimonials
What They Say About Us
Dynamically initiate market positioning total linkage with clicks-and-mortar technology compelling data for cutting-edge markets.
















Alexa Loverty
Product Designer


Pellentesque nec nam aliquam sem. Ultricies lacus sed turpis tincidunt id aliquet risus. Consequat nisl vel pretium lectus quam id. Velit scelerisque in dictum non of the ntconsectetur.






 










Maxine Butler
Product Designer


Pellentesque nec nam aliquam sem. Ultricies lacus sed turpis tincidunt id aliquet risus. Consequat nisl vel pretium lectus quam id. Velit scelerisque in dictum non of the ntconsectetur.






 










Maxine Butler
Product Designer


Pellentesque nec nam aliquam sem. Ultricies lacus sed turpis tincidunt id aliquet risus. Consequat nisl vel pretium lectus quam id. Velit scelerisque in dictum non of the ntconsectetur.






 






























Our Office
Located Around the World
Dynamically technically sound technologies with parallel task convergence quality vectors through excellent relationships.












Singapore
4636 Bombardier Way
Sr,Worthington,
California(CA), 94102














Los Angeles
794 Mcallister
St. Oak Harbor,
Washington(WA), 98277














New York
4219 Snowbird Lane
St Carthage,
New York(NY), 13619














Barlin City
Brandenburgische Straße
DE. Berlin Kreuzberg,
Berlin(CA), 10997





















Let's Try! Get Free Support
Start Your 14-Day Free Trial
We can help you get your own custom chatbot with our free 14 day trail plan









Contact With Us






How It Works
						










Free 14-day trial



No credit card required



Support 24/7




















We will create a chatbot for you as per your needs.

Create Chatbot

 


About Us
Empower your communication with Alendei, a leading CPaaS platform specializing in personalized conversations. Using WhatsApp and other channels, we redefine customer engagement. Our commitment is to deliver innovative solutions, transparent pricing, and a seamless experience. Join us in creating meaningful connections and elevating your communication strategy. 

Useful LinksBlog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Cancellation Refund Policy
Shipping Delivery Policy
Disclaimer
Definition
 












					© 2024 Alendei - All Rights Reserved by Alendei Platforms				


 














 














































