






Partnership Model - Alendei Platforms


































































Skip to content








 



























Home
About
Partnership
Contact
 
Free Demo 








 










Unlock Growth Together Alendei's Partnership Model 



  






Become Our Partner

















 





Explore collaborative opportunities and join us in redefining customer engagement. 



 



150+ Partners 







 







 
















 



 







Welcome to Alendei's Partnership Model 



 We believe in the power of strategic partnerships to drive mutual success in the dynamic world of communication technology. 



 











 







“I believe WhatsApp is for Every business!Find out how your business can benefit. Meet me and a few more like-minded & Progressive” 



Prinsalkumar Parikh 



CEO and Founder 






















Foster Growth Through Collaboration







Reseller, White label, and Referral 











Reseller Program 



Supercharge Your Portfolio with Omnichannel Solutions 



Empower your resellers with Alendei’s omnichannel conversational solutions. Gain access to leading-edge technology, helping your partners enhance their portfolio and thrive in the competitive market. 






Enroll in Reseller











 











 







Whitelabel Program 



Your Business Our Technology 



Make our top-notch solutions as your own. Launch quickly, enjoy continuous support, and let your brand shine with the strength of Alendei’s technology. 






Get Your Solution















Referral Program 



Monetize Your Connections Effortlessly 



Earn commissions through simple referrals – no sales expertise required. Track your earnings transparently and turn your network into a source of continuous revenue. 






Refer Now











 



















 



 







 



 







Your Brand, Our Technology: Seamless Integration for Success 







                                        Plan with us                



Initiate a consultation to discuss your brand's communication goals and how our white label solution can align with your strategy. 





                                        Customize to your need                



Work closely with our team to customize the solution to seamlessly blend with your brand identity. 





                                        Best integration                



Implement the white label solution effortlessly, ensuring a smooth transition and integration into your existing systems. 





















Grow Your Business







Get in touch Today!





Join the league of brands that trust Alendei for a seamless, branded communication experience. 







 


 




							Email Address						


						care@alendei.com					













 




							Phone						


						+91 90815 06969					

















 





























































































Reload




I agree to
                    receive updates and marketing news















 

















We will create a chatbot for you as per your needs.

Create Chatbot

 


About Us
Empower your communication with Alendei, a leading CPaaS platform specializing in personalized conversations. Using WhatsApp and other channels, we redefine customer engagement. Our commitment is to deliver innovative solutions, transparent pricing, and a seamless experience. Join us in creating meaningful connections and elevating your communication strategy. 

Useful LinksBlog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Cancellation Refund Policy
Shipping Delivery Policy
Disclaimer
Definition
 












					© 2024 Alendei - All Rights Reserved by Alendei Platforms				


 














 










































