






Shipping Delivery Policy - Alendei Platforms




























































Skip to content








 



























Home
About
Partnership
Contact
 
Free Demo 










Shipping Delivery Policy


Home Shipping Delivery Policy 











Last updated on 24-11-2023 17:07:58
For International buyers, orders are shipped and delivered through registered international courier 
companies and/or International speed post only. For domestic buyers, orders are shipped through 
registered domestic courier companies and /or speed post only. Orders are shipped within 3-5 Days days 
or as per the delivery date agreed at the time of order confirmation and delivering of the shipment subject 
to Courier Company / post office norms.
ALENDEI PLATFORMS PRIVATE LIMITED is not liable for any delay in delivery by the courier 
company / postal authorities and only guarantees to hand over the consignment to the courier company or 
postal authorities within 3-5 Days days from the date of the order and payment or as per the delivery date 
agreed at the time of order confirmation. Delivery of all orders will be to the address provided by the 
buyer. Delivery of our services will be confirmed on your mail ID as specified during registration. For 
any issues in utilizing our services, you may contact our helpdesk on 9909048454 or accounts@alendei.
com.

SearchSearchRecent PostsAt the Heart of Connection: How Alendei Bridges the Communication Gap
Empowering Education with CPaaS Tools like WhatsApp Business
API Chatbots: Powering Productivity and Revenue Revolution
Alendei Platforms: Awarded CPaaS Partner of the Year 2023
Categories Awards

CPaaS

Technology



Tags
AI Chatbots
API Chatbots
Chatbots
CPaaS market growth
Education sector communication strategies
Improving student engagement
Innovative communication tools for educators
Innovative technology
Latest Tech
Service
Social Media API
Solutions
Virtual Customer support
Whatsapp business
WhatsApp Business benefits for universities
WhatsApp Business features for schools
 













We will create a chatbot for you as per your needs.

Create Chatbot

 


About Us
Empower your communication with Alendei, a leading CPaaS platform specializing in personalized conversations. Using WhatsApp and other channels, we redefine customer engagement. Our commitment is to deliver innovative solutions, transparent pricing, and a seamless experience. Join us in creating meaningful connections and elevating your communication strategy. 

Useful LinksBlog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Cancellation Refund Policy
Shipping Delivery Policy
Disclaimer
Definition
 












					© 2024 Alendei - All Rights Reserved by Alendei Platforms				


 














 
































