






Disclaimer - Alendei Platforms




























































Skip to content








 



























Home
About
Partnership
Contact
 
Free Demo 










Disclaimer


Home Disclaimer 











The information provided on our website “Alendei” is for general informational purposes only. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of our website.
Through our website, you may be able to link to other websites that are not under our control. We have no control over the nature, content, and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep our website up and running smoothly. However, we take no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
We reserve the right to make changes to the information provided on our website at any time and without notice.
Any views or opinions expressed on our website are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of “Alendei”.
The information provided on our website does not constitute professional advice or service. Therefore, it should not be relied upon as a substitute for consultation with professional advisers. If you require advice or services in relation to any legal, financial, or medical matter, please consult an appropriate professional.
By using our website, you agree to this Disclaimer and to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy posted on our website.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Disclaimer or our website, please contact us at care@alendei.com
Effective Date
This Disclaimer is effective as of 14-03-2023

SearchSearchRecent PostsAt the Heart of Connection: How Alendei Bridges the Communication Gap
Empowering Education with CPaaS Tools like WhatsApp Business
API Chatbots: Powering Productivity and Revenue Revolution
Alendei Platforms: Awarded CPaaS Partner of the Year 2023
Categories Awards

CPaaS

Technology



Tags
AI Chatbots
API Chatbots
Chatbots
CPaaS market growth
Education sector communication strategies
Improving student engagement
Innovative communication tools for educators
Innovative technology
Latest Tech
Service
Social Media API
Solutions
Virtual Customer support
Whatsapp business
WhatsApp Business benefits for universities
WhatsApp Business features for schools
 













We will create a chatbot for you as per your needs.

Create Chatbot

 


About Us
Empower your communication with Alendei, a leading CPaaS platform specializing in personalized conversations. Using WhatsApp and other channels, we redefine customer engagement. Our commitment is to deliver innovative solutions, transparent pricing, and a seamless experience. Join us in creating meaningful connections and elevating your communication strategy. 

Useful LinksBlog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Cancellation Refund Policy
Shipping Delivery Policy
Disclaimer
Definition
 












					© 2024 Alendei - All Rights Reserved by Alendei Platforms				


 














 
































