






Alendei Home - Alendei Platforms
































































Skip to content








 



























Home
About
Partnership
Contact
 
Free Demo 








 





Your brand + Our AI solution  



Success guaranteed 




  



 



 







Free Demo









 









Grow your business with AI Chatbot 



Have your own 
AI Assistant! 



 Stop losing leads due to slow responses. Step up your game with Alendei’s Chatbot. 









Automate Now









 



 



 















			    We provide ChatBot on 
16+ Communication Channel 






Alendei provides chatbot on 16+ Communication channel including WhatsApp, Instagram, Facebook, Telegram and many more. 





















                                    WhatsApp                                








                                    Instagram                                








                                    Telegram                                








                                    Facebook                                








                                    SMS                                








                                    Google                                








                                    JivoChat                                








                                    Viber                                








                                    Line                                








                                    Intercom                                








                                    Wechat                                






 











			    3 major problems that enterprises struggle with...		    






Many businesses fail due to three major basic problems that get ignored and result in losing your loyal customers. 












Low Customers Engagement?

                Most of your loyal customer are lost due to late response to their inquiry.            


            1        


 










Lack of Remarketing Strategy?

                Businesses grow when you are constantly engaged with your customers through remarketing.            


            2        


 










No Personalized Offers?

                Your customers enjoy the special message and offer specifically made for them.            


            3        


 
















Alendei's Solution







We help you with all your problems 







Alendei's AI Chatbot 



Fast and automatic replies to all inquiries 



Simplify your customer engagement with your 24/7 live AI Chatbot which will reply to all your customer’s inquiries in under 5 seconds. 









Try ChatBot





































Broadcast Marketing 



Personalized bulk messaging 



Send your personalized broadcast message for a specific audience using our tag feature. 





 
How it works?







 







Remarketing Strategy 



Customized remarketing 



We help you create your custom remarketing strategy specifically targeting your customers. 









Book a demo








































Core Features







Powerful and Easy to Use Saas Platform! 



Use marketing automation to identify hot leads and email your sales team telling them to follow up. Nurture and contact leads at the opportune time to maximize. 






Explore More









 


















Easy Setup Tutorial 







How To Setup Your Own Custom Chatbot










 
 





 







 





 



















Latest updates







How does a chatbot help in different industries























Trusted by the best companies in the world
 





 





 





 





 





 










Get a ChatBot for your Business 








Step 01







Book a demo 



Book a demo to explore the all-in-one dashboard solution 



 



 








Step 02







Discuss your plan 



Tell us about your business, so we can help you create your own custom Chatbot 



 



 








Step 03







Get your chatbot 



Get started with your own custom chatbot, specially tailored for your business. 



 



 





 











You are one click away from automation 



Grow your business with AI powered ChatBot 




 



							14 days free trial						











							No Credit Card Required						















Free Demo













Get 14 Days Free Trial










 











Best Your Business







Get in touch today!





Whether it’s about features, pricing, or exploring possibilities, our support team is ready to help. Start your journey to enhanced customer connections with a simple message. Connect with us today! 








 




							Email Address						


						care@alendei.com					











 




							WhatsApp						


						+91 9909048454					












 





























































































Reload




I agree to
                    receive updates and marketing news via sms & other channels















 
















We will create a chatbot for you as per your needs.

Create Chatbot

 


About Us
Empower your communication with Alendei, a leading CPaaS platform specializing in personalized conversations. Using WhatsApp and other channels, we redefine customer engagement. Our commitment is to deliver innovative solutions, transparent pricing, and a seamless experience. Join us in creating meaningful connections and elevating your communication strategy. 

Useful LinksBlog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Cancellation Refund Policy
Shipping Delivery Policy
Disclaimer
Definition
 












					© 2024 Alendei - All Rights Reserved by Alendei Platforms				


 














 











































