






Contact - Alendei Platforms


































































Skip to content








 



























Home
About
Partnership
Contact
 
Free Demo 










Contact


Home Contact 







 








 


Chat with us

                We are always at your service. Why don't you try out our chatbot and experience it yourself.            




Chat with us





 









 


Email Us

                Simple drop us an email at care@alendei.com and you'll receive a reply within 24 hours            




Email Us





 









 


Give us a call

                Give us a ring.Our Experts are standing by monday to friday from 9am to 5pm EST.            




+91 9909048454





 













Talk to Our Expert Alendei Team
Have questions or ready to take the next step? Fill out the form below, and our dedicated team will get back to you promptly. We're here to assist you on your journey to enhanced communication and customer engagement. Your message matters to us. Let's start the conversation!









  









 





























































































Reload




I agree to
                    receive updates and marketing news via sms & other channels















 















 




















We will create a chatbot for you as per your needs.

Create Chatbot

 


About Us
Empower your communication with Alendei, a leading CPaaS platform specializing in personalized conversations. Using WhatsApp and other channels, we redefine customer engagement. Our commitment is to deliver innovative solutions, transparent pricing, and a seamless experience. Join us in creating meaningful connections and elevating your communication strategy. 

Useful LinksBlog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Cancellation Refund Policy
Shipping Delivery Policy
Disclaimer
Definition
 












					© 2024 Alendei - All Rights Reserved by Alendei Platforms				


 














 










































